feat: linear-gh blogpost (#827)
documenso/documenso: apps/marketing/content/blog/linear-gh.mdx

## 2. Public Backlog - The longer-term roadmap

> [github.com/documenso/backlog](https://github.com/documenso/backlog)

The public backlog houses everything we want to build eventually. We do not provide a specific timeline of when that might happen. If we decide against something, it will be removed from the public backlog, as we consider this our long-term vision for Documenso. If you are interested in something on the roadmap, comment on the issue or post on Discord. This helps us gauge interest in specific features.
**Issues in the public backlog are not** available to be worked on. For issues to work on, please check the main repository issues. The issues found here are scoped broader since they are not meant for immediate execution but rather give a sense of where Documenso is going and what we consider part of our domain.

## 3. Internal Backlog

> github.com/documenso/backlog-internal

<figure>
  <MdxNextImage
    src="/blog/gh1.png"
    width="1260"
    height="630"
    alt="GitHub: Development Board"
  />

  <figcaption className="text-center">
    Our internal Kanban for development
  </figcaption>
</figure>

> This is the actual replacement of our Linear backlog. Here, we host issues that are too small or short-term for the long-term roadmap and too niche or core to go into the main repo. We used a GitHub project as our development Kanban board.

Reviewer: @ElTimuro Would love to know your opinion on rephrasing this to something like,

```suggestion
This serves as the direct replacement for our Linear backlog. Here, we manage issues that are either too small or short-term for inclusion in the long-term roadmap, yet too specialized or fundamental to be integrated into the main repository. Our development Kanban board is implemented using a GitHub project.
```

## 4. Internal Design Backlog

> github.com/documenso/design-internal

<figure>
  <MdxNextImage
    src="/blog/gh2.png"
    width="1260"
    height="630"
    alt="GitHub: Design Board"
  />

  <figcaption className="text-center">
    Our internal Kanban for design
  </figcaption>
</figure>

This is the design equivalent of the internal backlog. The internal design backlog houses our design projects that include the exploration of new features, detailed UI designs, and improving the platform overall.
It's similar to the Kanban board for the development backlog.

## 5. Public Design Repository

> [github.com/documenso/backlog-design](https://github.com/documenso/design)

While the internal design backlog also existed in Linear, the public design repository is new. Since designing in the open is tricky, we opted to publish the detailed design artifacts with the corresponding feature instead.
We already have design.documenso.com housing our general design system. Here, we will publish the specifics of how we applied this to each feature. We will publish the first artifacts here soon, what may be in the cards can be found on the [LIVE Roadmap](https://documen.so/live).

> If you have any questions or comments, please reach out on [Twitter / X](https://twitter.com/eltimuro) (DM open) or [Discord](https://documen.so/discord).

Reviewer: @ElTimuro I was wondering if we could rephrase this into something more welcoming

```suggestion
Feel free to connect with us on  [Twitter / X](https://twitter.com/eltimuro) (DM open) or [Discord](https://documen.so/discord) if you have any questions or comments! We're always here to help and would love to hear from you :)
```
